readme.md, before:

Focus Indicator (focus-indicator)
---

[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/sarbbottam/focus-indicator.svg?maxAge=2592000&style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/sarbbottam/focus-indicator)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/watch-and-rsync.svg?maxAge=2592000&style=flat-square)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?maxAge=2592000&style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

Display focus indicator for the active intractable element in a webpage.

[![Focus Indicator for Chrome](http://i.imgur.com/m6gHC4g.png)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/focus-indicator/heeoeadndnhebmfebjccbhmccmaoedlf?hl=en-US)

## Screencast

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-AYcPC-Dsg" title="Screencast - Focus Indicator Chrome extension in action">
  <img src="http://i.imgur.com/qqEXCal.png" alt="Screencast - Focus Indicator Chrome extension in action" style="display: block; max-width:100%; margin: auto"/>
</a>

I also wrote about it at [Focus Indicator - Browser(Chrome) Extension](https://sarbbottam.github.io/accessibility,/javascript,/browser/extension/2016/06/17/focus-indicator-browser-extension/)

## Contributing

Please refer [Roadmap](roadmap.md) and [Contributing guidelines](contributing.md) to enhance your contribution experience.

Commit message:

docs(readme): added features / notable characteristics section
fixes #10

readme.md, after:

Focus Indicator (focus-indicator)
---

[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/sarbbottam/focus-indicator.svg?maxAge=2592000&style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/sarbbottam/focus-indicator)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/watch-and-rsync.svg?maxAge=2592000&style=flat-square)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?maxAge=2592000&style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

Display focus indicator for the active intractable element in a webpage.

## Features / Notable characteristics
- it can be easily turned on and off using the extension icon
  - either by clicking
  - or by navigating to the focus-indicator icon, using `tab` key and pressing `space`
- color of the focus indicator icon identifies the current state, ie, enabled or disabled
  - ![enabled focus indicator icon](src/icons/enabled/16.png) enabled focus indicator icon
  - ![disabled focus indicator icon](src/icons/disabled/16.png) disabled focus indicator icon
- when enabled, it supersedes existing `:focus{outline: <styles>}`, if any
- focus indicator gently animates, once, when displayed
![Animation - Focus Indicator Chrome extension in action](http://i.imgur.com/cVp2hlL.gif)

[![Focus Indicator for Chrome](http://i.imgur.com/m6gHC4g.png)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/focus-indicator/heeoeadndnhebmfebjccbhmccmaoedlf?hl=en-US)

## Screencast

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-AYcPC-Dsg" title="Screencast - Focus Indicator Chrome extension in action">
  <img src="http://i.imgur.com/qqEXCal.png" alt="Screencast - Focus Indicator Chrome extension in action" style="display: block; max-width:100%; margin: auto"/>
</a>

I also wrote about it at [Focus Indicator - Browser(Chrome) Extension](https://sarbbottam.github.io/accessibility,/javascript,/browser/extension/2016/06/17/focus-indicator-browser-extension/)

## Contributing

Please refer [Roadmap](roadmap.md) and [Contributing guidelines](contributing.md) to enhance your contribution experience.
